docs: minor - grammar (#161)
rsksmart/RSKIPs: IPs/RSKIP157.md

## Abstract

The current RSKIP proposes `cumulativeDifficulty` as a new field to be added in the responses of existing JSON-RPC block methods. The value of this field is the sum of a block's difficulty plus its uncles' difficulties.

## Motivation

> We define the `difficulty` as a magnitude indicating the effort required _for a single miner_ to mine a single block for it to be added to the blockchain. However, this single value does not represent the total effort required by _all miners_ in the network, since the block not only anchors to its parent, but to its uncles as well. We thus define the magnitude `cumulativeDifficulty`, which encompasses not only the block's difficulty, but its mined uncles' difficulty as well.

Author: Alternative to "total effort required" (implies future tense), could be "total effort put in" (past tense).

Author: ```suggestion
The existing `difficulty` field in responses is defined as a magnitude indicating the effort required _for a single miner_ to mine a single block for it to be added to the blockchain. However, this single value does not represent the total effort required by _all miners_ in the network, since the block not only anchors to its parent, but to its uncles as well. We thus define the magnitude `cumulativeDifficulty`, which encompasses not only the block's difficulty, but its mined uncles' difficulty as well.
```

(highlight that `difficulty` is a field that already exists in the JSON-RPC responses for these methods.)

> Due to multiple needs, such as forensics or statistics, we may sometimes need to make a reconstruction of the network hashrate evolution throughout a certain period of the blockchain, if not all. Many of the former mentioned needs require `cumulativeDifficulty` for its calculation because it reflects the effort performed by all the miners (mainchain winning block and uncles).

Author: ```suggestion
Due to multiple needs, such as forensics or statistics, we may sometimes need to make a reconstruction of the network hashrate evolution; in full, or for a subset period. Many of the former mentioned needs require `cumulativeDifficulty` for their calculation because it reflects the effort performed by all the miners (mainchain winning block and uncles).
```

^ not grammatical, but I suggest the following to make the part about it hashrate evolution clearer.

> JSON-RPC block methods do not provide the required information to calculate `cumulativeDifficulty` without incurring multiple interactions (querying for a block and all its uncles). Thus, we propose adding a `cumulativeDifficulty` field to the existing `eth_getBlockX` and `eth_getUncleX` responses.

Author: Consider also:

```suggestion
JSON-RPC block methods do not provide the required information to calculate `cumulativeDifficulty` without requiring multiple interactions (querying for a block and all its uncles). Thus, we propose adding a `cumulativeDifficulty` field to the existing `eth_getBlockX` and `eth_getUncleX` responses.
```
